Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
The consumption of spiritual energy by second-grade spells is indeed very high
Just a moment
My body starts to feel weak.
It seems that I need some external assistance.
Still failed
no
Come again
This is already the thirty-sixth spiritual fruit.
You must master the Mystic Armor Technique tonight
The Xuanjia technique was successful
Although successful
But the casting process is long
Poor results
You need to practice more
It's worth it that Senior Sister let me practice near the Spirit Gathering Array
Just two hours
He has already mastered a second-grade spell.
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Junior
From now on, you can practice here with peace of mind.
Familiar Spells
To accumulate strength for future entry into Xuanxin Sect
Leave the affairs of the palace to Lu'e and Congfang.
certainly
Your current external identity is still my butler
cigarette
I understand, sister.
In my Xuanxin Sect's outer sect
Disciples of your age
If you can reach the initial stage of the second rank
Can barely enter the middle
But if you want to enter the inner door
But it's almost hopeless
unless
Can you make it into the top ten of the outer disciples rankings?
Thinking back then
I also use the activation technique
I barely made it into the top ten of the outer gate
With today's achievement of the peak of the third rank
But it has always stopped here
You must not neglect
Senior sister has so many low-grade spirit stones every month.
In the inner sect of Xuanxin Sect, he is still at the bottom
Real monks
In addition to the secrets of the exercises and the spirit stones
Spiritual weapons and talismans are also indispensable
I have some things I used before.
The quality is pretty good
You take it first
There are talismans and wooden swords inside
The usage of the symbol is very simple
You should know
As for the Wood Spirit Sword
When I first entered the sect
My dad took this photo for me.
As long as you inject spiritual power, you can stimulate the wood spirit sword energy
The power is comparable to a blow from a peak 2nd rank monk.
Thank you, Senior Sister
Such love
I feel bad for it
Let me do something for my sister.
Junior Brother Hang is indeed smart
Second-grade spells are worth a lot of money
The Wood Spirit Sword is even comparable to a third-grade spiritual weapon.
The total value is more than 2,000 low-grade spirit stones
I just hope that Junior Brother Hangzhi can become an outer disciple of Xuanxin Sect.
Participate in the semi-annual competition
Competing for the top ten
I know
This is almost impossible for you.
actually
I didn't hold out much hope.
But I still want you to feel the strength of the top ten
You can gain something from the competition
I see
Once you enter the top ten of the outer gate
Inner Gate Elder
He will be given at least one Pei Yuan Dan as a reward.
Where is my senior sister ?
I want to exchange these things for a Pei Yuan Dan
I don't know what you think
My sister has shown me kindness.
Even if my sister doesn't give me these things
I should also return the favor
If you can successfully obtain a Peiyuan Pill
I will definitely report back to my sister
Peiyuan Pill is a treasure of Xuanxin Sect
Limited annual production
If you can get one
It will definitely help me break through to the fourth level
Senior Sister
I have a small request.
You
said
I'm this big
I have never seen a real monster
So
When my sister went out to practice
Can you take me with you
Can you take me with you?
Let me open my eyes.
this
no
Not to mention that I have few opportunities to practice outside
Even if there is
The monsters outside are also extremely dangerous
Full of uncertainties
You are still a low achiever
Not suitable for practicing outside
Why don't we change the conditions?
As one of the most accomplished monks in Ziyun Town
My senior sister has no experience in leading a team to hunt monsters alone.
No wonder Ziyun Town's overall strength
Ranked last among other towns
That
Can I practice in the spirit gathering array for three days?
In fact, even if you don't mention
I will also let you practice in the spirit gathering array for a while longer.
Consolidate your cultivation
But since you took the initiative to bring it up
I'll just give you seven days.
I just happened to have something to do and needed to go out for a few days.
Thank you, Senior Sister
in addition
That spiritual tree
Just move here and take good care of it.
after all
It is your stepping stone to enter Xuanxin Sect
There must be no mistakes
Sister, please rest assured
I'll go move it here.
Um
Next Steps
I have to go back to Xuanxin Sect
Tell this to Brother Leng
Even if I become an outer disciple of Xuanxin Sect in the future
There may not be such a training opportunity
We must cherish these seven days.
Improve your own strength as much as possible
This scent gives me a warm feeling.
It seems like there is a powerful spiritual force
Drilling into my limbs
A soothing relief
Very comfortable
This is
I have reached the late second level without realizing it.
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)